 news Brussels prompts fury among investment funds ….Europe’s?draft regulations for hedge funds and private equity are provoking threats to flee and could transform industry Europe’s?draft regulations for hedge funds and private equity are provoking threats to flee and could transform industry By Brooke Masters and Nikki Tait From the salons of Mayfair to the sidelines of children’s baseball games in the fancier parts of town beloved of expats, the outrage in London is palpable. Mention the European Union’s new proposal to regulate alternative investment managers – as those who work in the hedge fund and private equity world are known – and out pours a torrent of angry complaints. The draft directive is, say industry figures, poorly drafted, ill conceived and anti-competitive. “A blatant attempt by the French and Germans to sock one to London,” fumes one Mayfair-based hedge fund manager. Veteran financiers worry proposals could prove to be as damaging to European hedge funds as the US’s 1963 tax on securities issued by non-US companies was to the overseas bond market there. The “Yankee bond” industry stopped dead; meanwhile in London bankers SG Warburg arranged the first “eurobond” for an Italian company later that year, giving the City a pre-eminence in bonds that it holds to this day. The ferment in the UK, where three-quarters of Europe’s hedge fund assets are managed, has boiled over into politics, with ministers and the mayor promising to fight the EU proposals tooth and nail. Though many in Brussels say the hastily drafted legislation needs clarification and amendment, there is no guarantee that it will come out in London’s favour. Both France and Germany, who say hedge funds must be reined in to curb systemic risk, are standing firm and, if anything, pushing for more restrictions. Sweden, which currently holds the EU’s rotating presidency, has said it will seek a compromise. The panic among London hedge fund managers contrasts markedly with the milder concern across the Atlantic. In the US, a proposal to register and collect information from hedge funds has largely been greeted with acceptance, with industry groups there focused mainly on making sure the information goes only to regulators. The calm reaction stems partly from ignorance – the US proposals are far less specific – but it also reflects the different stance taken by officials over the causes of the financial crisis and the need to control alternative investments. In both the US and Europe, policymakers have taken pains to say that hedge funds were not central to the crisis; but in the US they think only minimal regulation is necessary. “I’m confident you can protect against the risks to the financial system by forcing them to register and forcing banks to hold more capital against the risks of failure on the periphery,” Tim Geithner, US Treasury secretary, told the Financial Times. In parts of Europe where hedge funds and private equity were already viewed with alarm, such as France and Germany, the crisis and the gigantic Ponzi scheme run by Bernard Madoff have – rightly or wrongly – given new urgency to long-sought desires to tame the industry. They have seized on the crisis to impose more stringent restrictions on what managers and funds can and must do. “We have followed the G20 request to the letter,” says Charlie McCreevy, the EU’s internal market commissioner with the international consensus on stabilising the financial services sector. Hedge funds “can pose risks to the financial system”. The EU directive’s proposals fall into two categories. A raft of new rules on borrowing, marketing and capital, as well as the custodians who safeguard fund assets, would increase costs and reduce flexibility in the freewheeling alternative investment world. They could make European funds less competitive and drive some overseas, but would add new protection for investors. The rules on funds from outside the EU, by contrast, are seen as frankly protectionist. Many on both sides of the Atlantic believe that the rules as currently drafted would probably prevent EU investors and service providers from working with most non-EU hedge funds. As a result, they might drive EU hedge fund investors and service providers to Switzerland or spur the US to retaliate by banning EU funds. “We’re not against regulation. We want sensible regulation. This is more about bashing the alternative investment industry than protecting investors,” says Stephen Oxley of Pacific Alternative Asset Management Company, an investor in hedge funds which has $9bn under management. “The result would be to reduce the choices and increase costs for institutional investors.” Both proposals start with mandatory registration with national regulators for all alternative investment managers that control a minimum amount of assets – something already required in the UK, but not everywhere in the EU. With that, would almost certainly come the potential for inspections, rules on managing conflicts and the requirement to give information about borrowing leverage and holdings to regulators. Such proposals are no longer controversial in much of the industry, as long as the information is not made public. Ken Heinz of Hedge Fund Research, estimates that 70 per cent of all $1,300bn in global hedge fund assets are already registered with the US authorities. The EU proposal also sweetens its registration rules by proposing “passporting” – EU-wide marketing – once a fund receives clearance from one member state. “There are carrots as well as sticks,” says Mr McCreevy. That has actually been welcomed by Dutch and British insurers, who said they strongly supported passporting “because this will tend to add to investors’ choice across the entire EU”. However, they criticised the compliance burden for managers, saying that it might “far outweigh any benefits”. Indeed, the proposal would require hedge fund managers to get regulatory approval before marketing specific funds – known as “preclearance”. It would also set much higher capital requirements and strengthen the legal responsibilities of “depositories”, usually banks or prime brokers who hold assets for funds. Supporters of the proposals say investors and the financial system need more protection. “The concept of regulation is not in itself a bad thing,” said David Malamed of Gide Loyrette Nouel, a French law firm. “It is necessary to restore trust.” Opponents argue that hedge funds are aimed at sophisticated investors who ought to be able to protect themselves and that the rules will cut sharply into returns and make funds less competitive. Preclearance is anathema to many hedge funds because it would limit their ability to change strategies in difficult markets and slow their ability to launch new products. “The more restrictions you have, the less leeway you have to take advantage of opportunities in the market,” says Tom O’Riordan, of counsel to Paul Hastings, a US law firm. The capital requirement rules are intended to insure that alternative funds can meet investor claims, but the EU’s proposal of 0.2 per cent of funds under management represents a jump from current UK rules, which require only enough to meet basic payrolls. New requirements will, the industry claims, present a barrier to entry and are unnecessary for funds that use lockup periods to limit investor withdrawals. The custody rules would require funds to keep their assets with an EU bank – ruling out many US-based prime brokers and posing problems for the current practice of using local banks to hold emerging markets assets. The rules would also make that bank entirely responsible for any missing assets even if they could not have foreseen a problem, a direct reaction to the Madoff scandal. Those protections would come at a cost. Regulators and the industry estimate that custodians would likely charge one-quarter of one per cent of assets for the service, up from one-fiftieth now. The proposals have also drawn criticism for trying to squash private equity and hedge funds into the same box. While hedge fund investors might benefit from annual independent valuations, they are seen as pointless for private equity funds, because investors cannot realise their holdings until positions are sold. The private equity funds also dislike proposals requiring them to publish accounts for the companies in which they hold a 30 per cent stake, arguing that it puts them at a competitive disadvantage. Hedge fund industry groups sharply object to proposed limits on borrowing, even though the industry has already been forced by the market to reduce its borrowing. They say regulators have no business telling them what strategies they can and cannot use. “It’s the nose of the camel under the tent,” says one industry official. “The hedge fund industry operates on the principle that in exchange for limiting your investors base, you get more freedom.” . . . But it is the rules for non-European funds that draw the most opprobrium, and with some justification. As written, “third-country” funds and fund managers would only be able to sell to EU investors if it was subject to home state regulations similar to those imposed by the proposed directive. That could exclude not only the enormous number of funds based in tax havens, but also US funds because the proposed SEC rules do not include any of the same rules on custodians, valuation and preclearance, lawyers say. The directive also eliminates a key loophole allowing allowed hedge funds to sell worldwide, even in countries where they were not officially recognised. Under the directive, European investors will in future be banned from putting their money into unapproved funds, sharply limiting their investment options. The directive also appears to prevent EU financial service providers from working with third-country funds. Together, the combination could lead to a massive decamping out of the EU. “You have to wonder whether big EU investors would accept being excluded from US and other non-EU funds, when they could set up a presence in Geneva or New York and buy US funds there,” said Jonathan de Lance-Holmes of lawyers Linklaters. “You could also end up with Geneva housing a lot of the fund managers who used to be in London, as well as their service providers and big professional investors.” F.T : فاينانشيال تايمز 